Good day to all friends with you
was naer and today will tell you in this
video tutorials on how to raise
dad with video games or just
optimize your computer
what do we need for this we all
we know that our computer is clogged
any shit which years of the Internet and
similar junk cookies cache and the
similar to remove it all remove
clear we have such
the program is possible everyone will know who is not
knows he can calmly download with
Internet is free and
calling her how i tell you her
this program optimizes work
computer in the way that clears crash
cookies of all browsers excess garbage with
computer removes also can work
with the wind secret service
but in this case you need
as achivka here also your information
computer this is not currently us
need
push analysis analysis gives some
time span the longer you don't
have been checking your computer for everyone longer
you will undergo an analysis of me now
found
537 megabytes of garbage is important
much more
can up to 3 to 5 gigabytes which is very
slows down your work
computer and lowered fps storms
the analysis went slowly press cleaning
expect through which takes some
time but here we go cleaning and us
shows that cleared c43
and why it's all we have left
cool once again the cleaning button and then
everything will be at our best all
cleaning is complete computer
optimized second method
we need to go to the computer
properties advanced parameters
additionally press the parameters and we
shown here are all included systems lead
Well, that is, that improve with windows
indicate transparency beautifully sieve
similar which is also good to can
police work again
damage works for you at the moment
slowly but we need to do need
press the button provided the best
speed as we see it all
ticks are removed absolutely everything is clicked
apply a button
we can wait for everything
I have the power now resting you
sometime will work significantly
faster
all who but for
it is very important because the system is not very
stealing systems there it is quite useful
I myself have worked with such a system with such
view and no way did not touch now
i'm secret windows because i'm real
so was on my computer that
there's nowhere
an hour to work me normally
you will see learning usually the view itself
and all I wanted to say in this
video lessons leave your comments
put your thumbs up
subscribe to the channel everyone good luck everyone
until